It's you who replaced my grandpa's body
Delivered to the crematorium
So?
Dare to touch my grandfather snow fox
How did it go?
Come on. Come on
Don't come and tell me you're walking behind
I can find you.
I don't know, I-I-I really don't know.
Don't come here and wait
We've been watching
It's Zhang Dong, Zhang Dong, you go to the army
Uh-huh.
Ah, this car is for you.
You choose whether to want it or not.
I really don't know I really don't know wait
This is fake this is fake
I said his background is really amazing
Threatening me with my family
I don't know who they are.
Wait. Go on.
No no no I said I don't know who's behind them
But I know who did
Uh-huh.
Who is that?